1. Explain what is ADO.NET entity framework?
2. What are the benefits of using EF?
3. What is Entity Framework?
4. What is Storage Model?
5. What are scalar and navigation properties in Entity Framework?
6. What is Conceptual Model?
7. What is the purpose of a DBContext class?
8. Mention in what all scenarios Entity Framework can be applicable?
9. How can we read records using Entity Framework classes?
10. What is Mapping?
11. What is migration in Entity Framework?
12. What is Code First approach in Entity Framework?
13. Mention what is Code First approach and Model First Approach in Entity Framework?
14. What are the different ways of creating these domain / entity objects?
15. What is pluralize and singularize in the Entity Framework?
16. What are POCO classes in Entity Framework?
17. What is eager loading?
18. What are the advantages of Model First Approach?
19. Explain how you can load related entities in EF?
20. What is the role of Entity Client Data Provider?
21. How can we handle concurrency in Entity Framework?
22. Explain Lazy loading, Eager Loading, and Explicit Loading?
23. What are the advantages/disadvantages of Code First Approach?
24. What is Optimistic locking?
25. What are the components of Entity Framework Architecture?
26. Could you explain the difference between Optimistic vs Pessimistic locking?
27. What is the importance of EDMX file in Entity Framework?
28. What are complex types in Entity Framework?
29. What are the different approaches supported in the Entity Framework to create Entity Model?
30. Can you explain lazy loading in a detailed manner?
31. What is EF Data Access Architecture?
32. What are the advantages and disadvantages of Database First Approach?
33. How do I delete multiple rows in Entity Framework (without foreach)?
34. What’s the difference between LINQ to SQL and Entity Framework?
35. Could you explain pessimistic locking?
36. What is the difference between POCO, Code First, and simple EF approach?
37. What is the difference between Code First, Model First and Database First?
38. What is the difference between ObjectContext and DbContext?
39. What is faster - ADO.NET or ADO.NET Entity Framework?
40. How can you enhance the performance of Entity Framework?
41. What type of system generated messages do you know?
42. Can you explain CSDL, SSDL and MSL sections in an EDMX file?
43. What are T4 templates?
44. Is DbContext thread safe?
45. What are the disadvantages of using static DbContext?
46. Which type of loading is good in which scenario?
47. When would you use EF6 vs EF Core?
48. Name some differences between Express vs Recoverable messages
49. Can I use Entity Framework 6 (not core) in .Net Core?
50. What is the difference between Automatic Migration vs Code-base Migration?
51. What are the advantages and disadvantages of creating a global entities context for the application (i.e. one static instance)?
52. How can we do pessimistic locking in Entity Framework?
53. When would you use SaveChanges(false) + AcceptAllChanges()?
54. What difference does .AsNoTracking() make?
55. What is client wins and store wins mode in Entity Framework concurrency?
56. What's the difference between .SaveChanges() and .AcceptAllChanges()?
57. How do I view the SQL generated by the Entity Framework?
